annotated-types==0.7.0          # supprt for typ annotatns
anyio==4.4.0                    # async stuff, makes io ops fastr
certifi==2024.6.2              # ssl cert managr
charset-normalizer==3.3.2       # fixes weird txt encodings
click==8.1.7                   # makes cli tools ez
dnspython==2.6.1               # dns lookups n stuff
ecdsa==0.19.0                  # crypto signatures
email_validator==2.2.0         # cheks if emails r legit
exceptiongroup==1.2.1          # grps error handling togthr
fastapi==0.111.0               # quick api buildr
fastapi-cli==0.0.4            # cmd tools 4 fastapi
h11==0.14.0                    # basic http stuff
httpcore==1.0.5                # core http things
httptools==0.6.1              # fast http parsing
httpx==0.27.0                 # modern http client, bttr than requests
idna==3.7                     # handles weird urls
Jinja2==3.1.4                 # templte engine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0         # markdown -> html
MarkupSafe==2.1.5             # keeps templtes safe
mdurl==0.1.2                  # markdown url helper
orjson==3.10.5                # supr fast json stuff
passlib==1.7.4                # pwd hash n security
pyasn1==0.6.0                 # encoding format thing
pydantic==2.7.4               # data validatn made ez
pydantic-settings==2.3.3      # config mgmt
pydantic_core==2.18.4         # core pydantic stuff
Pygments==2.18.0              # code highlightr
pymongo==4.7.3                # talks 2 mongodb
python-dotenv==1.0.1          # env vars made ez
python-jose==3.3.0            # jwt n security stuff
python-multipart==0.0.9       # handles file uploads
PyYAML==6.0.1                 # yaml file handler
requests==2.32.3              # old skool http client
rich==13.7.1                  # fancy terminal output
rsa==4.9                      # encryption stuff
shellingham==1.5.4            # finds which shell ur using
six==1.16.0                   # py2/3 compatibility
sniffio==1.3.1               # async detectn
starlette==0.37.2            # fastapi foundation
typer==0.12.3                # cli builder
typing_extensions==4.12.2     # extra type hints
ujson==5.10.0                # fast json parser
urllib3==2.2.2               # http client lib
uvicorn==0.30.1              # fast web servr
uvloop==0.19.0               # fast event loop
watchfiles==0.22.0           # watches 4 file changes
websockets==12.0             # websocket support
